hello and welcome to another New York
habitat furnished apartment video tour
today we will be taking you to a lovely
furnished apartment on Riverside
Boulevard and Leonard Bernstein place
which is located in the Upper West Side
Manhattan the Upper West Side is a
neighborhood in New York City where you
will find plenty of shopping restaurants
and famous sights when you enter the
apartment you will first find a kitchen
to your left the kitchen is separate
with a window opening into the living
room it has a granite countertop with
three stools it's also equipped with a
refrigerator a dishwasher stove coffee
maker toaster microwave and all utensils
are provided for cooking
next you will find the living room the
living room comes fully furnished with a
double size sofa bed chairs coffee table
and a flat-screen TV with cable
providing entertainment for relaxing
nights in to the left of the living room
you will find the bathroom the bathroom
has marble walls and tile floors it
comes with a bathtub shower sink and a
mirror of course being a furnished
apartment towels are provided across
from the bathroom you'll find the
bedroom the bedroom is furnished with a
queen sized bed side table and a
spacious closet
now that we've toured the apartment
let's go and explore the surrounding
neighborhood the Upper West Side is a
fantastic neighborhood in Manhattan one
of the main attractions is the Lincoln
Center for the Performing Arts it's a
collection of performance facilities in
Lincoln Square which include the famous
Metropolitan Opera House an amazing
building designed by the architect
Wallace K Harrison the theater has
around 3,800 seats and is home to the
annual spring season American Ballet
Theatre definitely a must-see during
your next visit to New York City you'll
also find Columbus Circle which is
flanked by Central Park and the Time
Warner Center the Time Warner Center is
a great place to spend the afternoon
with its mix of restaurants and shopping
be sure to check out our website at NY
habitat comm where you'll find more
great apartments not only in the Upper
West Side but all over manhattan
brooklyn and queens
book a furnished apartment with New York
habitat for your next trip to the Big
Apple well that's a wrap of our video
tour of this fully furnished one bedroom
apartment in the Upper West Side
Manhattan thanks for watching and we
hope to see you soon in the city that's
so nice they named it twice
you